Unify admonition syntax & hide KB article for orcharhino (#3352)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-smart-proxy-for-host-registration-and-provisioning.adoc

For security reasons, {Project} recognizes this HTTP header only from localhost by default.
You can enter trusted proxies as valid IPv4 or IPv6 addresses of {SmartProxies}, or network ranges.
+
[WARNING]
====

> Do not use a network range that is too wide, because that poses a potential security risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use a network range that is too broad because that might cause a security risk.
```
"wide" sounds strange to me.

Author: Applied.
